# Railway-reservation-system
A Railway Management System manages the railways scheduling functionality. This system connect users and railway on an online platform where users can browse every details related to railways. Users can also write reviews and can give ratings to our railway management system.
The final product will be like users can see trains list, can select the train and boarding point according to their requirements, can be able to book their tickets and will give us their valuable feedback.
The main purpose of this project is the users of this system are the passengers which can view the railway list, can select their train, can book their tickets with minimum number of details and can cancel their tickets. The Railway Reservation System project aims to create a convenient and efficient platform for passengers to book train tickets. It covers the entire ticketing process, from seat selection to payment, and includes features like ticket cancellation. OBJECTIVES: Design a system that is easy for users to
navigate and book train tickets without complications. Integrate secure payment methods for a smooth and reliable transaction process. Seats will be allocated to the passengers.
In this project we have made 6 classes. First class name “TRAIN LISTS”, Users will be asked to book their tickets and view the lists of trains and then they will write their boarding and destinations points and will be able to see lists of trains as per their given details. Second class name “SELECTION OF TRAIN”, user will be asked to select the train as per their needs. Third class name” BOOKING”, users will be asked minimum but necessary details to book their tickets. Fourth class name” PAYMENT METHOD”, users will be asked to choose their payment method as per their ease. Fifth class name” VIEW DETAILS AND RECEIPT, all the details will be shown to the users. Last class name” REVIEWS AND RATINGS’, Users will be asked to give their valuable feedback which will help our system to keep better day by day.
